iddqd I don't know why it did not...
I'm refreshing
I'm really confused as to why it's not doing anything
I pressed keys that were on the screen, and then the face showed up, and I expected something to happen after the face showed up.
It would be interesting to play with that more I mean, once you typed that in, you have to type it again.
Because that's what I guessed I was supposed to do and then did that once realized it was wrong and then didn't try it again.
But if I had to type it, you know, a second time manditorily, maybe that would reiterate what I'm learning.


Okay it was clear I was supposed to press those keys in that order, I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to do now. 

Yea so I think that because it looks like a game, I was like, oh the head appeared, that's cool but then I thought I was supposed to do something to like start the game or something, so I would say, maybe you could add some text or something else that's like "You did it" just so that people know, like, that was the point and it's done so you're not looking for something else to do.


So it looks like a first person shooter
I'm trying to click around to see if it will move the perspective of the first person shooter around. I'm trying to click on objects to see if I can either pick them up or change the rotation of the view.
And now I'm clicking on the arms area to try to view what kind of arms I might have.
And I refresh again...I'm refreshing again...
I'm trying my arrows.
...D pops up
D Q D it seems you're God IDDQD I'm trying to type the sequence again to see if something happens.

I'd say first person shooters are my least favorite genre of video game, so I think if you had a good user that is both familiar with the genre but unfamiliar with how to do anything with a FPS.
So I tried some of the traditional things, I tried using the cursor keys to move around, I tried to click around. I didn't quite get that I was supposed to type I, but you know, it did look like a key. Maybe it needs something to get me to press the I, and then I would probably press the rest of the keys on my own.